Fix misc. grammar and minor details in osu!taiko article (#12255)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Game_mode/osu!taiko/en.md

### Song Selection

> To access the osu!taiko game mode, press `Ctrl` &  `2` at the same time.

Reviewer: Is this really necessary?

Author: in my opinion it flows better

Reviewer: most of the cases, mostly its mentioned with `+` than `&`

Reviewer 2: using `&` here is indeed wrong.

Author: will change

Author: done

> To access the osu!taiko game mode, press `Ctrl` +  `2` at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the osu!taiko game mode, press `Ctrl` + `2` at the same time.
```

- No chibi dancers at the bottom (must be storyboarded)
- The health bar must be at least 50% full to pass the song
- *Kiai Time* triggers the *"Go-Go Time"*
  - Gameplay gimmicks like the hit balloons or forked paths are not implemented (only the basics)
- Background difference
  - A video or static background image-only beatmap will take up the lower portion of the screen

>   - If the map has been storyboarded, the storyboard will override the bottom of the screen

Author: done

>   - If the map has been storyboarded, the storyboard will stay a layer behind the bottom of the screen

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - If the map has been storyboarded, the storyboard will take over the entire screen, but stay a layer behind the playfield
```
